>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so, the lab coat
and branch that I had just pushed up,
we called it with pizza calculations but
it was still the container pattern.
Again, the real power of this kind,
this is one of my absolute
favorite patterns with React.
Composing new components by taking
some stable component that may be as
fetching stuff from the API.
You can have it with local storage.
If there is any kind of state that
you wanna use multiple places,
I will almost always create one of these.
This is probably the most common
pattern I use when I am pulling data
from remote sources or even using browser
APIs and I wanna pull that stuff in.
I will make one of these components
cuz I can keep composing bigger, and
bigger chains of these with more,
and more features, right?
So, I can bring something with local
storage, and the current user so on, and
so forth.
So, we called this one with
withPizzaCalculations, but
it doesn't do the thing yet.
What we really wanna do is turn
the container component into a single use.
Hey!
It just happens to wrap this one
presentation component into a factory
that can take any component and
wrap it in this state, right?
And this is, again,
where this becomes incredibly powerful.
So, we do need to do some changes and
there are not a lot of changes, right?
This is why we're kind
of building up to this.
We do know that it is
going to be a function.
And what does it take as the argument?
The wrapped component,
the presentational component,
I have historically always
called the wrapped component.
This will be the argument
that is passed in.
So in this case if we scroll down again.
>> Steve Kinney: It's going to be
this component that we pass
in will be now known as
WrappedComponent.
>> Steve Kinney: And
then we're going to return.
>> Steve Kinney: So we can actually,
just to make this a little clearer, I'm
gonna actually say return class extends,
>> Steve Kinney: Component, right?
And why does this work?
It turns out that classes in JavaScript
are just syntactic sugar over
functions, right?
So, in the same way that I can have a,
remember when we used to use
functions back in the old ES5 days,
with a capital letter, and we used it as
a constructor function and we called new.
tThis is the same thing that we do with
the class, it's just a function, so
in the same way that I can
have anonymous functions,
I can have anonymous causes
cuz it's just synthetic sugar.
What I'm gonna do in this case is I'm just
gonna grab the entire body of this cuz
this is effectively what I want.
>> Steve Kinney: And move it inside here.
And instead of always returning a pizza
calculator, what am I gonna return?
The component that was passed in, right?
So now I have the ability to
create as many of these as I want.
Cool, let's just kinda make sure
that I didn't miss anything.
I most likely left this here, yep.
>> Steve Kinney: And
so now if we wanna create this pizza
container that will eventually,
>> Steve Kinney: Be all the pizza,
calculator, stateful,
guts with the presentational component,
we simply compose it by
combining the stateful component
with the presentational component.
And again, having these two things
separate and being able to mix and
match them as much as I want is possibly
one of my favorite patterns in React.
And I keep repeating that cuz I mean it.
>> Steve Kinney: So we'll say that.
We'll go back over.